His Excellency the Governor
Why are you here?
The Luo family leader was surprised by my appearance
I shouldn't.
Don't you know what you did?
Dad, I still don't understand what you mean.
Your son Luo Zong escaped from prison
He ran away
What a rebel
Please rest assured
I will do my best to cooperate with you.
Bring that example to justice
Your son Luo Zong Cantonese
Isn't it your Luo family head who is so close behind your back?
Where did the Governor say this?
My rebellious son betrayed his country for glory
No sin
Even if you shoot him
That's what he deserves
How could I do it for him?
Take the risk with our entire Luo family?
I mean it.
The Governor doesn't believe you can kill the Luo family head
Don't worry, I'll check it out.
Oh yeah, I'm not finished yet
Your son Luo Zong colluded with Song Yishi
Night rain escape
When they just escaped from Qingcheng Prison
I was caught on the spot. It's normal.
you
Hello Master Luo, everything is going well
I have successfully rescued Master Luo
Don't worry, I'll take him home right away